 Original Author: Jeffrey Nygaard
 Company: Northern Lights Electronic Design, LLC
 Contact: JNygaard@NLEDShop.com
 Date Updated: October 9, 2016 
 Software Version:  1b
 Webpage: www.NLEDShop.com/nledlivepatcher
 Written in Processing v3.2.1  - www.Processing.org



1. Install com0com if on Windows, it will assign 2 sequential COM ports, note them their ID#.
2. Download and unpack Glediator
3. Follow the instructions to install the RXTX library
	http://www.solderlab.de/index.php/software/glediator
4. Open Glediator	
5. Set matrix size to match the project's overall size
6. Configure the "Output Options" as in the screenshot. 
	- The color order may need to be adjusted to suit the project.
	- Set serial output to the lowest com0com Port#, Set baud to 1,000,000, DO NOT OPEN YET

7. Open the config file for your project in /config folder of NLED live patcher or to create a new one copy/paste a config file and rename it.
8. Set the PATCH line to point towards the patch file for your project
9. Set the INCOM line to the com0com highest COM port#, set the OUTCOM line to the LED controller's port#
	- To find the LED controller's port number, check Device Manager for "USB Serial Device"
10. Use the instructions in the README to set the other configuration options if required
11. open the config.txt in the software directory. Change the second line to /configs/YOUR-CONFIG-FILENAME.txt


12. Start NLED Live Patcher Software, the indicator should stay red
13. Go back to Glediator "Output Options" and click "Serial Open"
14. The NLED Live Patcher indicator should start blinking(if enabled, press Spacebar to toggle)

Order of Usage: (Assuming everything has been installed and configured already, as above)
1. Connect LED controller to computer
2. Power up project
3. Start NLED Live Patcher
4. Start Glediator(If NLED Live Patcher is not open, Glediator will stall until it is opened)
5. In Glediator "Output Options" click "Serial Open"
6. Should start running.

Notes:

If AURORA mode is true, it sends the command to open Live Mode only at software start up. Software may need 
	to be restarted if connection is lost.
	
com0com will stall/freeze Glediator if both of it's ports are not open. The IN and OUT com0com ports must both be open.
	Example: Glediator is open with "Serial Open" enabled. NLED Live Patcher is then closed, Glediator will freeze until
		NLED Live Patcher is open again. See "Order of Usage" above for correct 
	